Add Beta and Internal metric stability levels, update deprecation timelines (#8708)
kubernetes/community: contributors/devel/sig-instrumentation/metric-stability.md

}
```

### Beta

__Beta__ metrics have a looser stability contract than their stable counterparts. No labels can be removed from beta metrics during their lifetime, however, labels can be added while the metric is in the beta stage.

An example of a beta metric follows:

```go
var betaMetricDefinition = kubemetrics.CounterOpts{
    Name: "some_beta_metric",
    Help: "some description",
    StabilityLevel: kubemetrics.BETA,

>     DeprecatedVersion: "1.15", // this is a custom metadata field

Reviewer: I don't think we want to include DeprecatedVersion in the beta example?

Author: We do have it in the STABLE example too below, I guess its to emphasize that a metric can be deprecated irrespective of its level but there's a deprecation policy that will be followed based on the stability level of the metric to ensure the more stable metrics are not deleted suddenly without enough prior notice.

}
```

By the beta stability contract, we mean:

> 1. the metric will not be deleted without graduating to stable first or being deprecated

Reviewer: Maybe include the number of releases it needs to be deprecated for?

## Metric Renaming

Metric renaming is tantamount to deleting a metric and introducing a new one. Accordingly, metric renaming will also be disallowed for stable metrics.

## Deprecation Lifecycle

Metrics can be annotated with a Kubernetes version, from which point that metric will be considered deprecated. This allows us to indicate that a metric is slated for future removal and provides the consumer a reasonable window in which they can make changes to their monitoring infrastructure which depends on this metric.

> While deprecation policies only actually change stability guarantees for __stable__ metrics (and not __alpha__ ones), deprecation information may however be optionally provided on alpha (and beta metrics) to help component owners inform users of future intent, to help with transition plans (this change was made at the request of @dashpole, who helpfully pointed out that it would be nice to be able signal future intent even for alpha/beta metrics).

Reviewer: I'm honored to be included in our documentation :).  But probably it is better to just explain the rationale and drop this change was made at my request.
```suggestion
While a deprecation period is only required for __stable__ metrics, an alpha or beta metric may still be deprecated prior to removal to help component owners inform users of future intent, and to ease the transition to the replacement metrics.
```

}
````

> __Deprecated__ metrics will have their description text prefixed with a deprecation notice string '(Deprecated since x.y.z)' and a warning log will be emitted during metric registration (in the spirit of the official [Kubernetes deprecation policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-policy/#deprecating-a-flag-or-cli)).

Reviewer 2: the deprecation version normally only has a major and minor version
